1.
Skills and Software Knowledge: Required: Proficient in HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript/JQuery, PHP, MySQL, Adobe Photoshop, FTP
2.
3-5 years professional development experience
Expert knowledge of PHP, C#, Node.js, and/or Java
Expert knowledge of HTML, CSS, and Javascript
Expert knowledge of client-side optimization techniques
Expert understanding of the latest and legacy browser capabilities, including mobile
Fluent understanding of object-oriented programming techniques
Functional knowledge of content management and eCommerce solutions such as WordPress, Drupal, Expression Engine, and Magento
Functional knowledge of version control (GIT)
Functional knowledge of Linux, UNIX, and Apache/Nginx
Familiarity with UNIX terminal commands
Strong oral and written communication skills with both teams and clients
Existing agency experience
Bachelor’s degree in a related field
3.
Requirements:

Must Currently Reside in Orlando, FL area (In-House position, Non-Remote)
HTML5 and CSS3 proficiency (2+ Years’ Experience)
JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX proficiency (2+ Years’ Experience)
WordPress Loop and WordPress theme layout proficiency
CSS pre-processing (LESS and/or SASS) proficiency
FTP and SSH protocol proficiency
PHP (basic conditionals and WordPress-related methods/classes)
Positive attitude with a thirst for learning cutting-edge technologies and frameworks
Aptitude to quickly learn new systems with little or no documentation
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced team environment and meet deadlines
An online portfolio of your web work
Experience Preferred (Nice to Have, Not Required):

UX/UI principles
SEO principles
MySQL proficiency
Git (code versioning)
Command Line/Bash
Modern JS MVC Frameworks (Vue/Angular/React)
Photoshop
BS Degree
4.
3+ years of web development, including expertise in HTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript and libraries like JQuery and JQueryUI • 2-4 years of experience with server-side scripting PHP • 2-4 years of experience with server-side scripting Node JS • 2-4 years of experience with Angular or similar JavaScript framework • Experience with responsive / adaptive design for mobile web development • Experience with performance tuning of web applications • Experience writing technical specifications and driving them through development • Ability to develop and implement high-quality code in a timely manner is essential • Effective verbal and written communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences • Ability to thrive in a dynamic, collaborative and fast paced environment • Strong interpersonal skills as well as strong problem-solving and analytical skills • Attention to detail SPECIFIC SKILLS REQUIRED • Deep knowledge of standards-based HTML, CSS and JavaScript • Knowledge of server-side scripting language and framework, for example Zend for PHP • Proven ability to work with all members of a technical project team • Experience drafting requirements and functional specifications • A win-win approach and the ability to work well as part of a broader team • Ability to effectively communicate across a broad range of stakeholders, including customers, QA, operations, engineering, management, etc. • A strong appreciation of the Disney brand and the importance of story Software Solution Design, Software Development and Testing 524226
5.
Html - Html5 and CSS 3.0, Bootstrap and mobile responsive CSS media queries (Most Important)
WordPress – Building Custom WordPress Themes
WordPress – working with Market themes, visual composer, fusion builder, cornerstone and all other website visual builder tools that come with market themes
WordPress – Plugin Management, website updates and API Keying system by Envato and other premium plugin builders
WordPress – Ability to use Custom Post Types within our custom WordPress themes.
Html email - Coding and awareness about the behavior of different email clients to be able to code a robust html email that doesn’t fail on various platforms
Adobe - Intermediate to advance knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator to be able to better execute imaging used in the websites.
Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel)
6.
Minimum two (2) years developing web sites using PHP or Perl
Minimum one (1) years experience working with PHP-based CMS platforms
Understanding of Drupal theming and module development
Proficient in coding PHP, HTML5, HTML, CSS, JavaScript/jQuery, Node.js, JSON, XML, Git
Ability to integrate into a large agile development project and manage rapid development cycles
Must be self-motivated and able to work well both independently and as part of a team.
Ability to clearly communicate ideas and status updates to both technical and non-technical resources
Enjoy working in a fast-paced environment
Committed to quality in every assignment, large or small
Must be willing to work in Orlando, Fl
Must be willing to submit to a background investigation
Must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the United States
7.
Requirements

At least three years experience with front-end engineering, web development, web engineering, or a similar field.
Strong understanding of HTML and CSS (Sass) including cross-browser compatibility and accessibility implications.
Ability to write front-end JavaScript to enhance the user experience and integrate with APIs.
Code portfolio. Link us to your GitHub account, upload a .zip, or both (original files are helpful to get a sense of your PHP code structure and file organization).
Proven ability to transform a static comp into a website from the ground up.
Being collaborative, self-motivated, and an "always-learning" person, excited to create great web experiences.
Basic understanding of ad implementations both on desktop and mobile.
Good to Have

Experience with coding PHP, specifically for WordPress as a platform, including custom post types, taxonomies, and use of WordPress beyond typical “blog” use cases.
Experience with a JavaScript MVC-style framework (E.g. Backbone.js).
Experience with living style guides, atomic design, or component-based design.
Experience with Sketch and/or Adobe Creative Suite.
Design experience or formal design education.
Remote working experience appreciated.
8.
BA/BS degree (or equivalent practical experience)
PHP 'full stack” development (PHP/HTML/CSS/JavaScript; front-end/back-end)
All qualifying experience using a modern PHP development framework (e.g. Symfony)
All qualifying experience in a DevOps team setting using a Scrum Agile methodology
All qualifying experience in a test-driven/behaviour-driven development environment (preferably w/ a common PHP unit testing framework (e.g. PHPUnit, Behat)
Understanding of domain-driven design (DDD) and object-oriented analysis and design (OOAD) concepts and workflows
Solid experience w/ software deployment, Continuous Integration (CI), and Continuous Delivery (CD) concepts, applications, and tools (e.g. Bamboo, CodeDeploy, CodePipeline, Vagrant, Docker, Jenkins)
Understanding of fundamental cloud computing architectural concepts, especially with regard to reliability and scalability (e.g. multi-regional/multi-AZ, elasticity, auto-scaling)
Expertise in advanced, non-linear revision control workflows; fluent in Git version control
Writing extensive unit tests using automated TDD tasks
9.
Requirements:
Skills & Requirements 
Strong background in Javascript.
Experience with ES2015 and TypeScript 2.x.
Experience with Angular 2/4/x.
Experience with preprocessors and front-end tooling workflows: Node.js, SASS, SystemJS, SystemJS Builder.
Strong understanding of debugging / profiling for the browser.
Experience testing Javascript Code.
Experience with data integration / understanding RESTful API design.
Full Stack awareness - but this role is front-end based.
Strong team, vendor and customer relations skills.
Strong communication skills.
GIT / BitBucket / GitHub
Experience maintaining and extending a style guide for scalability and cross-application usage.
10.
Proven work experience as a Front-End Web developer with code examples for review
Hands on experience with markup languages (e.g. HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery etc.)
Experience with Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, and Grunt npm or similar compiler
Strong understanding of browser testing and debugging
In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment)
Familiarity working with a variety of CMS
Strong organizational and time management skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines